	One of the goals of landscape ecology is to analyze the movements of organisms between patches imersed in the surrounding matrix. The
matrix can be favorable to the organism in several degrees, an aspect that is named functional connectivity. Although this is true, a binary 
view of the landscape is often adopted as a means to simplify the analysis. In this view, there is only a yes/no condition to an organism permanence, where the patch represent the favorable condition and the matrix represents a totally opposite extreme, an unfavorable condition with no midpoint in favorability between the matrix and the patches. 
	Percolation theory states that above a certain percentage of habitat, the patches become suddenly more connected, allowig organism movement between the patches,
a level that is often stated as around 30% by some authors. Neutral models, in which, for example, a landscape has a random fill of habitat and non habitat is an efficient way to test the percolation theory because there is no underlying cause for the distribution of the habitat/non habitat pixels, in the case of a landscape represented as a grid, in which the filled grids represent habitat patches and the unfilled grids represent the matrix. If there was an underlying cause causing habitat
areas to agreggate or dispose in a non random way, the resulting artifitial landscape would probably deviate from a landscape in which there is percolation. Besides this, any such non random artifitial landscape can be tested against a distribution of neutral landscape (the neutral hypothesis).
	Therefore, the goal of this application is to provide a grid that can be randomly filled with habitat at different percentage levels and thus create neutral landscapes for that level in order to test them against natural landscapes for that same level of patch proportion and test if the natural landscapes are more prone to habitat connectivity than the neutral model predicts. 
	To use the application run the main.py file directly from the command line. To alter the level of habitat connectivity open the main.py file in the code editor
of your preference and search for the p variable(line 9) and reset the level, which is currently at 30%. 
	There is no way to save the results, whic can be visuallized throught the pygame window when you run the file. So if you wish to fork this project a recommended 
feature would be a way to run several levels and save the results and also a way to calculate the number of patches that have no connectivity to neighbors.
